[ECAM] Improve ECAM Memo TO Flaps and TO CONFIG checks (#3016)
flybywiresim/a32nx: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [MCDU] Fixed APPR/GO AROUND page order - @beheh (Benedict Etzel)
1. [OPTIONS] Changed unit option changes only effective after aircraft reload - @MisterChocker (Leon)
1. [ECAM] Fixed engineering mode overlay displaying on upper ECAM in some cases - @davidwalschots (David Walschots)

> 1. [ECAM] Added Config 3 TO config - @MisterChocker (Leon)

Author: ```suggestion
1. [ECAM] Improved Ecam Memo TO Flaps and TO Config. Allows for Config 3 TO - @MisterChocker (Leon)
```
